#summary Rough TODO/feature request list
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

A rough list of things to do...


= Details =

  * DNAS v2 support
  * better SC_TRANS DJ v2 support
  * On Air timer (per encoder? overall? both?)
  * Log file size limit
  * use WASAPI where possible. This will allow you to use a windows output devices loop-back as a source - WASAPI loop-back may be the ONLY alternative to non-existent "stereo mix" device in windows vista/7
  * Winamp DSP: Mixing mic/winamp, rather than one or the other. Allows nice fades and "voice over music"
  * Multiple simultaneous audio devices - standalone version only
  * dump metadata history to a metadata log file - issue #1
  * user/pass for icecast2 - issue #2
  * start DSP in soundcard mode - issue #5
  * preconfig - details in issue #8
  * Foobar 2k plugin - issue #10
  * translations - issue #11
  * enable/disable metadata per encoder - issue #15
  * mp3PRO support - issue #16
  * delay metadata per encoder - issue #17
  * VST plugin - issue #18
  * Write an alternate HE-AAC encoder for DSP, and therefore once again have a legal HE-AAC encoder for the standalone versions

  * Quality and bitrate management settings for AAC
  * Lowpass filter specification (Advanced setting)
  * Metadata edit should not accept newlines
  * specification of extra string on metadata
  * maybe save main (gMain) config after addEncoder and live rec switching.

  * Deleting multiple encoders in the main window one at a time from the bottom up will crash it. As a workaround, the encoder window allows to select multiple encoders. It will still only delete one at a time, but selecting multiple encoders anyway keeps it from crashing.
